c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OcrResources\MsOcrRes.orp
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1_Debug_ARM.xap
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\WindowsPreview.Media.Ocr.winmd
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\WindowsPreview.Media.Ocr.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\WindowsPreview.Media.Ocr.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.g.resources
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OCR_trial1\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OcrResources\MsOcrRes.orp
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.dll
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.pdb
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1_Debug_ARM.xap
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\WindowsPreview.Media.Ocr.winmd
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\WindowsPreview.Media.Ocr.dll
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\Bin\ARM\Debug\WindowsPreview.Media.Ocr.xml
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.g.resources
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.dll
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\OCR_trial1.pdb
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
C:\Users\abhinav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Business_Card\OCR_trial1\obj\ARM\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
